feat(ui5-flexible-column-layout): new property accessibilityRoles (#4446)
SAP/ui5-webcomponents: docs/2-advanced/07-accessibility.md

The mapping of the accessibility APIs to ARIA attributes is described in the following table:

| UI5 Web Components Property                 | HTML attribute  | Description                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| ------------------------------------------- | --------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `accessibleName`                            | `aria-label`    | Defines the text alternative of the component. If not provided a default text alternative will be set, if present.                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `accessibleName`                            | `aria-label`    | Defines the text alternative of the component. If not provided, a default text alternative is set, if present.                                                                                  |
```

> | `accessibleNameRef`                         | `aria-label`    | Alternative for `aria-labelledby`. Receives id (or many ids) of the elements that serve as labels of the component. Those labels are passed as a concatenated string to the `aria-label` attribute. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `accessibleNameRef`                         | `aria-label`    | Alternative for `aria-labelledby`. Receives ID (or many IDs) of the elements that serve as labels of the component. Those labels are passed as a concatenated string to the `aria-label` attribute. |
```

| `accessibleRole`                            | `role`          | Sets the accessible aria role of the component.                                                                                                                                                     |

> | `accessibilityTexts` (FlexibleColumnLayout) | `aria-label`    | An object of strings that define several additional accessibility texts for even further customization.                                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `accessibilityTexts` (FlexibleColumnLayout) | `aria-label`    | An object of strings that define several additional accessibility texts for further customization.                                                                                             |
```

> | `accessibilityTexts` (FlexibleColumnLayout) | `aria-label`    | An object of strings that define several additional accessibility texts for even further customization.                                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `accessibilityTexts` (`FlexibleColumnLayout`) | `aria-label`    | An object of strings that define several additional accessibility texts for even further customization.                                                                                             |
```

> | `accessibilityRoles` (FlexibleColumnLayout) | `role`          | An object of strings that define several additional accessibility roles for even further customization.                                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `accessibilityRoles` (FlexibleColumnLayout) | `role`          | An object of strings that define several additional accessibility roles for further customization.                                                                                             |
```

> | `accessibilityRoles` (FlexibleColumnLayout) | `role`          | An object of strings that define several additional accessibility roles for even further customization.                                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `accessibilityRoles` (`FlexibleColumnLayout`) | `role`          | An object of strings that define several additional accessibility roles for even further customization.                                                                                             |
```

---

### accessibilityRoles

> This property accepts `object` with properties values for different parts of the FlexibleColumnLayout elements. For more detailed information on every object property, read the API description in [FlexibleColumnLayout](https://sap.github.io/ui5-webcomponents/playground/components/FlexibleColumnLayout). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property accepts `object` with property values for different parts of the `FlexibleColumnLayout` elements. For more detailed information on every object property, read the API description in [FlexibleColumnLayout](https://sap.github.io/ui5-webcomponents/playground/components/FlexibleColumnLayout). 
```

Setting the property on the custom element as:
```html
<ui5-flexible-column-layout id="component">...</ui5-flexible-column-layout>

<script>
    const component = document.getElemetnById("component");
    component.accessibilityRoles = {
        startColumnRole: "complimentary",
    };
</script>
```

> Will result in the shadow DOM as: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Results in the shadow DOM as: 
```
